---
layout: post
title: MixMarvel Attended Devon and Disclosed the Design of its Techonological Solution
subtitle: Global Expansion
---

The MixMarvel Foundation was informed that on October 11, 2019, MixMarvel attended Devcon in Japan and promoted its industry specific technological solution, Rocket Protocol, 2.0. 

On October 11, 2019, MixMarvel attended Devcon in Osaka, Japan, and disclosed the concepts of its industry specific layer-2 scaling solution, Rocket Protocol 2.0, with highly refined language, so that the audience can easily understand the technology efficiently. Rocket Protocol 2.0 solves the surrent problems of blockchain game development, has a decentralized consensus mechanism, lowers barriers for developers, support NFT transaction and asset reuse between defferent applications. Also, MixMarvel introduced the usage scenario of Rocket Protocol including multiple live games such as HyperDragons, HyperSnakes. 

The successful holding of this event have great significance for the international expansion of MixMarvel, strengthening the influence of its technological solution, and winning the recognition of dApp developers. 

The MixMarvel Foundation strongly supports MixMarvel's global expansion strategy, helping MixMarvel expand its global market, partners, and game releases. 

The MixMarvel Foundation provides financial support for this event. The funds include but are not limited to: venue costs, labor costs, gift rewards, marketing and PR cost, and etc. 1,400,000 MIX Tokens in total. 


